Region v (#53)
ut-ras/ras_site: _posts/2020-05-01-region5.md

---
layout: post
title: Region V - End of Semester Updates
imagepath: resources/blog/2020-05-01-region5
shorttitle: 2020 - Region V
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

Unfortunately, we canceled our attendance to the competition prior to Spring Break.

<!--more-->

There were a couple of factors influencing our decision, including the following:
* It was very likely at this point that the IEEE R5 conference will be cancelled (and indeed it was, on 3/16/20).

> * We would not have had the time, away from campus for the rest of the forseeable future, to complete the robot (the was a strong expectation that UT would extend Spring Break and close campus up until the competition, which it did).

Author: ```suggestion
* We would not have had the time, away from campus for the rest of the foreseeable future, to complete the robot (there was a strong expectation that UT would extend Spring Break and close campus up until the competition, which it did).
```
@RosannaR You can directly make commit suggestions to the files btw (just learned this)
